alias_module		mod_alias.so
auth_basic_module       mod_auth_basic.so
auth_digest_module      mod_auth_digest.so
authn_anon_module       mod_authn_anon.so
authn_default_module    mod_authn_default.so
authn_file_module       mod_authn_file.so
authz_default_module    mod_authz_default.so
authz_groupfile_module  mod_authz_groupfile.so
authz_host_module       mod_authz_host.so
authz_user_module       mod_authz_user.so
autoindex_module        mod_autoindex.so
deflate_module          mod_deflate.so
dir_module              mod_dir.so
dumpio_module           mod_dumpio.so
env_module              mod_env.so
expires_module          mod_expires.so
filter_module           mod_filter.so
info_module             mod_info.so
log_config_module       mod_log_config.so
mime_module             mod_mime.so
setenvif_module         mod_setenvif.so
status_module           mod_status.so
userdir_module          mod_userdir.so
